The Joe Rogan experience. To, to all of us in the political world,
Joe Rogan's political leanings are like the great mystery. And frankly,
we kind of like it that way. It makes you, it, it,
it keeps you out of the freight.
It's more of a mystery now. Cause I said that I wouldn't vote for Biden. That,
that I, I said I would vote for Trump over Biden. All these people went crazy,
but let me, let me be, you know what,
I'd also vote for Whoopi Goldberg over Joe Biden.
I'd I'd vote for Mike Tyson over Joe Biden.
I just don't think it's a good idea to take someone who's struggling with
dementia and put him in one of the most stressful positions the world has ever
known. That's what I'm saying is not an endorsement of Trump,
is it is a me saying you shouldn't have a man who is clearly
clearly in the throes of dementia. I mean, there's, I'm not a doctor,
but when you can't form sentences in public and you forget what you're
talking about and you you're, you wander off into these conversations.
If you're not smoking pot, you, you're not hot. If you're not on pills,
like what's going on. Well, the cognitive decline,
he's an older man that has mental issues and you know,
not to be cruel to him. He he's, he's suffering medically.
This is is a real issue. And the Democrats wanna sweep that under the rug.
And Trump is already chewing him apart. He's already dismissing him. I mean,
there is a recent thing that come Al Kalinsky posted a video, uh,
on his Twitter talking about this is what happens when you don't discuss the
elephant in the room.
And it's Trump saying you used to do doing a press conference.
And they asked him a question about something that Biden wrote. He goes Biden.
Didn't write that. He's like, he, he that's a democratic operative.
He didn't read it. He, he probably doesn't even know what's going on right now.
And he's gonna, he's gonna continue to do that. And it's,
it's such a vulnerable point. And I,
I don't know why the Democrats thought it would be a good idea to take someone
who's clearly got a problem. I mean, this is, I mean, I,
I don't wanna be mean to the guy, but we've all seen it. That's not normal.
It's not normal to get, like when he's talking about the,
the creator and he literally loses what he's saying. He's like, oh, the,
you know, the thing like the misquoted.
The decoration of independence twice now, which is, I mean, that's,
it's a very simple document. <laugh> I don't understand.
Well, there's a bunch of those things.
Like when he was talking about the cure and losing what he's that you have to
take care of the cure and he he's, he's struggling. The guy's struggling. Yeah.
He's tired. This is his extremely stressful process to run for president.
And the idea that he's gonna be able to get through this and be okay on the
other side to run the country for four potentially eight years is crazy.
Here's a better one. Epstein EP scenes killer. That's one.
Nobody thinks that that guy hung himself. No one. How about that guy?
So if you have various theories or various stories that people come out and talk
about with that one.
Yeah.
And I just actually yesterday listened to Eric Weinstein's solo podcast on,
on Jeffrey Epstein. Yeah. I don't know if you've listened to caught it. He,
he talks about his kind of conspiracy view of it. Uh.
I wish I was there when he met him.
I would've been fascinating to see cuz Eric is too smart.
He's almost like too smart. He's one of those guys he's talk to him like, oh,
you poor bastard. You're burdened.
You're you're burdened trying to make sense to the world around apes, you know.
And all the trauma of in the, like we were talking about,
he's still also the 13, the 20 year old kid. Mm-hmm <affirmative>.
So he's seeing, uh, he had a few run-ins with authority, which makes it,
which makes him suspicious of authority.
And I think our life experience defines that.
So you can see Epstein in a lot of different ways,
depending on how you've experienced.
Yeah, for sure. Life, I mean, um, uh, but.
If you were there <laugh> I, I, I could tell you <laugh> very nice.
Uh, I could, well, C.
B kill cliff on your, your certain.
<Affirmative>. I like it. Uh, I, I,
I know actually quite a lot of people that have met Epstein.
Do you really? Yeah, because you're in the scientific community, right? Yeah.
Yeah. And.
Especially at MIT.
He was a big donor. He,
he tainted a lot of people's reputations by knowing him in a weird way.
Basically.
If you took a picture with him, your reputation is tainted. Yeah.
Uh, yeah. Whether you knew him or not.
But I think I, I do think that, uh,
outside of conspiracy theories that he was an exceptionally charming person.
So he was good, you know, at charming people, you mean at charming people. Yeah.
Yeah. I don't mean to make it sound. Yeah.
I know what positive or negative it is is what it is,
is the devil is gonna be charming, so. Right, right.
And the other thing is he genuinely showed curiosity
for towards scientific ideas, even out there, big scientific,
especially what do you think.
That was though? Have you ever thought about that?
Do you think that it's possible that look, I mean,
if you just look at it from perspective of, is it the, the big theory,
the big theory, right?
Is that he's some sort of a intelligence operative, right?
Yes. So if he's an intelligence operative, do you,
don't you think it's a part of his job to try to end infiltrate the scientific
communities? I mean,
there must have been a directive if he really is an intelligence operative,
it's not like, they're like, Hey, go pursue your interest. <laugh> do, Hey,
do I hear you have a really big, uh, love of science?
Just feel free to do that on the side. No. What, what, what the was he doing?
If he's an intelligence operative, what is he?
Is the intelligence having sex with underage girls? It can't be that, you know,
this is one reason.
People believe conspiracy theories is because a lot of 'em are true. Yeah.
All of, of them, not all of them, but I, I point to, with you, um,
with the Epstein case, like you were one of the first people, I mean, as a,
literally you're a professional skeptic <laugh> and,
and you looked at some of the evidence, you're like, oh, well, you know what?
This might be a conspiracy <laugh>. You know? And when I said,
when Michael Shermer thinks it might be a conspiracy,
it's probably a conspiracy. <laugh>.
There's been enough of them. I'm still not sure about that one,
because after I posted something about the, you know,
the two cameras broke or whatever, somebody wrote me from that prison saying,
all those cameras are always breaking like, oh, it's.
A little convenient though that, you know,
he winds up strangling himself in a way that Michael Baton, the,
the famous autopsy doctor says is completely inconsistent with
hanging and much more consistent with someone strangling you. I,
including the actual area where he was hanging from,
supposedly like it's consistent with someone strangling you from behind.
Not consistent with you hanging by your own weight.
Yeah. After Weinstein got his, his, um, Harvey Weinstein got his conviction.
I thought, oh boy, be they better have a real suicide watch on this guy,
cuz yeah. He's he surely has a black book just as big is.
Epstein's. Oh, I'm sure. Well, I think what,
what he's got is probably more incriminating to him though. You know,
I think what he's got is probably, Hey,
I had sex with all these starlets and turned them into big celebrities and
this, and I bet he probably doesn't want that out.
Especially at this stage of the game. Nothing.
I don't think anything he's got is gonna make him look good.
And I think with the thing with Epstein is he knew way too much about
too many powerful people. There's just so,
so many connections that could be made with that guy and that, you know,
to this day,
people are asking questions that people like bill gates don't want to answer or
prince Andrew or anything they're like, know, I don't wanna talk about this.
Yeah.
I didn't, I didn't hear the one about gates, but,
but prince Andrew of course gates.
Apparent apparently flew on the Lolita express four years after he was
convicted.
Oh, okay. Wow. All right. According.
Daily year or whatever the it was. I don't, I would,
I would ask Jamie to look that, but I've got his computer right now. iPad.
<laugh> hook it up on your iPad. Find out if it's true.
If bill gates flew in the Lolita express, cuz that's what I was reading today.
There, people were trying to ask bill gates,
but it's so hard to know what's true and what's not true today.
That's the thing is there's so much data. And so, I mean,
one of the things that's really sad about the loss of respect for mainstream
journalism and mainstream media is, well, if we count, can't count on them,
then who's regulating the independence. Who's regulating these websites.
Who's regulating these people that are just, you know,
so called independent journalists that are just tweeting things and finding
things. Yeah. Putting things up on their websites.
It's it's so hard to tell who telling the truth and who's not dude.
You wanna see.
People in America. with football, with LSU football or Georgia football,
college football. See what happens? You think things are bad now.
With the college.
Football, you know, this is a weird time too,
because it is right before the election, you know, election comes in November.
Like imagine if this had this was going on right now.
And the election was like next week, God imagine chaos. Your boy,
Bernie dropped out. Yep. It's a rap Biden. Ain't beaten Trump.
Nope. That's your bass. That's the guy.
It shows you how crazy this system is that they wanted him,
that they wanted Biden to, to, to be their guy that they don't.
They can't admit that he's in cognitive decline. I mean,
it's very strange. Listen, I up all the time. I speak for a living.
I up all the time. But Biden, Biden, but Biden. No, he up man.
You're politician. I up all the time too.
But we're also taught for hours and hours and hours at a time.
If I had a prepared thing that I was doing, like my standup, I don't up in.
Right. I would. You would be sharp as.
If you were having one of those conversations, they're asking you, look,
if someone wants to ask me questions about things that I understand,
like MMA or like comedy.
Like if you want to ask me questions about things that I think about and talk
about all the time, you have your black belt in both those. Yeah.
I can talk to you and really clearly about those things and make a lot of sense.
He can't do that about politics and he's been a politician forever.
And that's your. He's, he's an, you know, he's a guy who's suffering,
he's in decline and they're gonna try to wa him out and whoever his VP is,
whether it's Kamala Harris or a she baby, whoever it is,
but that's who you're voting for. You know, he's I mean,
it's sort of like when Dick Cheney was basically running the country, well,
George Bush was the president. Yeah. You know, I don't know. We'll see.
There's no way he beats Trump. He doesn't beat Trump. Not a chance. No,
not a chance, especially because of the timing of this right now, we're in the.
Right? We're in the April. is the worst time of the Corona.
A lot of people are dying. There's a slight drop off in New York.
People dying less today than yesterday.
Slight drop off yesterday from the day before.
So things are looking pretty good, California. California's gonna be, yeah,
California's looking very good, right? Yeah. We're crushing it. Huh?
California is looking very good. So, and then where's that. Oh, here it's.
And so, and then you go June, July, August,
hopefully everything's up and running again.
Economy starts coming back on track. Trump makes uh, a couple of great speeches.
B Biden is more in decline. It's not gonna get better. No. Those two face off.
Trump's gonna light him up. Like economy central roast.
He's already dismissing him. Yeah. He's already, he's like,
he doesn't know sleepy Biden. He's like, but he's saying like someone said,
Biden said this. He goes, he did. First of all,
he didn't write that it was democratic operative.
He probably doesn't even know what it says. He's gonna destroy him, man.
He's gonna kill him, man. I mean, it's such an easy target.
It's like Mike Tyson versus a three year old. It's true. It really is.
It's it's it's a terrible fight. Yeah.